capital = 1049
primary_culture = cherkesskiy
religion = veravburyu
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.02
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.15
civilized = yes

ruling_party = DON_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 15
    conservative = 70
    reactionary = 15
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = orthodox_country

slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders


# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1


